First steps
We can already review some
details, for example, see if this line
that we were using to
separate the legs, is correctly.
For now I think it's fine,
let's see how it looks in
the general composition.
I think that up to that point is going
well, what we need is that, in a moment,
the rope appears alone
before the character,
This gives us an anticipation
that something will happen there.
For this, we may have
to extend the comp a bit
towards one of the sides, that is,
add a little time at the beginning.
Then I do all this.
Let's take the rope to the beginning.
For now I don't worry much
if it matches the animatic
or with the times we had in mind,
we will adjust them little by little.
For the rope to fall, we will do the
same, which is to animate the Path.
In this case we have two nodes,
so if we want to make
the rope have a curve,
maybe we are going to
have to add some nodes.
This is better if we do it
in the original form, say,
which in this case
would be the straight.
So we can anticipate that we
will need nodes to animate the rope.
In this case, as we know that the rope
it will be animated in a
curved and organic way,
what we can do is
give it some curvature
to these Bézier nodes,
even if they are straight,
but we'll see why.
If we already gave that
curvature now, when we move the nodes,
It will maintain that
curvature we gave it.
That is going to make him more softly.
In this case I am
doing a little backwards
and having the final
position, which is this,
I'm going to start adding
details to the animation,
giving a little bounce to the sides.
At the beginning we will
make it fall from above.
When we interpolate
between very large distances,
as here it makes a curve and
then goes to the other end,
we have to add intermediate frames
I call this when he starts
making almost frame by frame.
Well, it looks pretty good there.
Thanks to the fact that we add
these intermediate keyframes,
the transitions are
now a bit more neat.
Now we see that every time we extend
this time, it will add more interpolation,
Then maybe it is necessary to
add other intermediate keyframes.
Let's keep in mind that every
time we add intermediate keyframes,
the hands of our Bézier nodes
are sometimes reset at an angle.
So, with the Pen and Alt,
We have to restart them
so that they are straight.
Let's see how it looks.
It is going well.
We need to lower a
little more and throw.
I am already seeing from the
outset that we are going to lack time.
Let's move this a little over there
and we will continue
adding detail to the character
the moment he goes down.
We have animated here and now, the
second movement when it comes down
it may have, or starts to
move, a small delay or drag.
I will duplicate these frames and
I will duplicate them at the end
to keep them as a
reference in the ideal position.
And as soon as it starts to
move, we will give it some drag.
When it goes down, instead of more
vertical bouncing than we did recently,
Now I will see if I add
a little more balancing.
It is always important
that, if possible, we add
what we already saw in
the principles of animation,
A little anticipation, a
little "follow-through"
"overlapping," or whatever you do
that gives more
inertia to our movements.
If I eliminate this, I think
it looks a little more fluid.
What it does is that the
previous final position is connecting me
and start moving
before the body goes down.
Then it is as it gives
a more organic swing,
which helps you gain momentum to
get off, in that case it was fine.
That is what I meant
by trial and error.
There are times that we add
keyframes that in the end we delete
and they look better without it.
Let's see with this leg if
we will do something similar.
When I use this transformation box,
I try to move the anchor to the point
where I imagine the joint is, in
this case it would be the knee,
but not only the tip of the
knee, but the point where I imagine
that match the bones, in
this case it would be there,
And we can take as a guide.
Imagine that the whole joint is
a circle, something like that,
according to the shape of our
character, then the center of that circle
It will be approximately where
we will have to locate our joint.
It's going pretty well, but
your feet are too synchronized,
Then I will try to offset this a bit.
I think it's going pretty well.
We said that, with this
design, we had the problem
that the rope passed
in front of the hand.
I realize that, at this moment,
it will not represent any problem,
since that part will never be seen.
Anyway, it's always good to
work the complete designs,
as we did with the
face, in case at some point
we decided to make decisions,
that we may have to use
some parts of that design.
Let's see how it goes.
Let's expand this a bit.
It takes a little time to jump.
We are going to add it here
and we will make it match.
Then at the time of jumping,
I imagine that the character
release your hands, that is,
separate them from the rope
and straighten the feet to fall
straight into the final position.
I will expand the work
area a little down and up
to have more vertical space,
above I am not interested but below.
The good thing is that we
continue to maintain the position,
The way in which this character is
located does not alter us at all.
Then we have more work area.
We will locate a
little more advanced in time
the pose we would like
to see of our character.
Let's straighten the legs.
I will do the capture again to
have as a reference, Shift + F5.
This reference helps us to know
if we are conserving the volumes,
which is what we find very
important in this type of animation.
In our design, the
character, having straight legs,
you don't notice any knee
or muscle here in the twin,
then let's turn it all straight.
We will adjust this line and we
will continue with the other leg.
The moment both legs are stretched,
They must be about the same
length and we adjust that.
We're going to deform the boot a
little and make the cue point down,
to give it more directionality.
Now that the leg is more forward, I
will reduce the perspective of the boot.
Remember that this
is in all the details.
As they correct that
kind of thing ... great.
Also avoid that the Bézier curves
are with the short or straight arms.
For a type of object
that is quite curved,
we have to keep as
long as we can the hands,
thus it moves more smoothly.
This is something
more or less similar.
to what would be the
"pose to pose" methodology
in traditional animation, in
which we do the keyframes first
and then the "in-betweens",
"breakdowns" and "in-betweens"
because, in this case,
this would be a keyframe,
although I still think he
has some things to adjust.
This would be the keyframe
and what we have to do now is
do the "breakdowns"
and the "in-between",
that is, the intermediate tables,
that in this case we don't have to do
them because After Effects already made them,
but we will have to
correct them because many times
the interpolations he does
are not exactly as we want,
We have to add details.
Before that, let's see if
the animation is as we want,
with respect to main poses,
position and that kind of thing.
We are going to cheer up the torso, we
will give a straight acceleration to all this
and we are going to make our
character fall almost to the floor,
We are going to take
this scene as a reference.
Let's hide this for now
Well, time is extending a bit.
We can make it go down maybe there.
I will extend this scene a bit.
Suddenly, our character will fall.
No need to be in
contact with the floor,
because the character will jump and we
want him to have a stronger acceleration.
Maybe the pose can
be preparing before,
but we can exaggerate the
vertical movement a bit.
Something like that.
I don't know if everything
should be a little faster.
There goes well.
At the moment we
have our last keyframe,
let's cut that layer and
let's move on to the next one,
in which we will work the
transition with this pose.
Something that we are missing
here is the animation of the arms.
Since we don't have
them animated so far,
we have to add the
keyframes in the Path
and we are going to move all this.
It doesn't have to be perfect because
we will see this picture very quickly,
but we are interested in
seeing that the arms are opening.